Add DOMQuad static method documentation (#41685)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domquad/fromrect_static/index.md

---
title: "DOMQuad: fromRect() static method"
short-title: fromRect()
slug: Web/API/DOMQuad/fromRect_static
page-type: web-api-static-method
browser-compat: api.DOMQuad.fromRect_static
---

{{APIRef("Geometry Interfaces")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`fromRect()`** static method of the {{domxref("DOMQuad")}} interface returns a new `DOMQuad` object based on the passed set of coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`fromRect()`** static method of the {{domxref("DOMQuad")}} interface returns a new `DOMQuad` object based on the provided set of coordinates in the shape of a `DOMRect` object.
```
